Move some commas around (#71)
soupi/learn-haskell-blog-generator: src/04-markup/01-data_type.md

So how do we represent our markup language using Haskell?

Previously, in our HTML builder library, we used `newtype`s to differentiate
between HTML documents, structures, and titles, but we didn't really need to

> Distinguish between different kinds of structures, such as paragraphs and headings,

Reviewer: capital letter? I'll keep it like this for now.

```suggestion
differentiate between different kinds of structures, such as paragraphs and headings,
```

not without parsing the data, at least.

In this case, we have a list of structures, and each structure could be
one of a few specific options (a paragraph, a heading, a list, etc.),
and we want to be able to know which structure is which so we can easily
convert it into the equivalent HTML representation.

> For that, we have `data` definitions. `data` allows us to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For that, we have `data` definitions. Using `data` we can
```

   ('a', 'z') :: (Char, Char)
   ```

    This `Tuple` definition is polymorphic; we define the structure but are able to
    plug different types into the structure to get concrete types. You can think of `Tuple`
    as a *template* for a data type waiting to be filled or as a **function** waiting

>     for types as input to return a data type. We can even take a look at the "type"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    for types as input in order to return a data type. We can even take a look at the "type"
```

    > #### Quick detour: Kinds
    >
    > The `:kind` command is called as such because the "type" of a type is called a **kind**.
    > Kinds can be one of two things, either a `*`, which means a saturated (or concrete) type,
    > such as `Int` or `Person`, or an `->` of two kinds, which is, as you might have guessed,
    > a type function, taking kind and returning a kind.
    >

>     > Note that only types with the kind `*` can have values. So, for example, while `Tuple Int`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > Note that only types that have the kind `*` can have values. So, for example, while `Tuple Int`
```

    > is a valid Haskell concept that has the *kind* `* -> *`, and we can write code that will
    > work "generically" for all types that have a certain kind (e.g. `* -> *`), we cannot

>     > construct a value with the kind `* -> *`. All values have types and all

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > construct a value that has the kind `* -> *`. All values have types and all
```
